Ensure mDNS is functioning properly on MacOS (#1505)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/troubleshooting/common_issues.md

- You may have defined the `NAMESPACE` environment variable locally or deployed your components into a different namespace in Kubernetes. Check which namespace your app and the components are deployed to. Read [scoping components to one or more applications]({{< ref "component-scopes.md" >}}) for more information. 
- You may have not provided a `--components-path` with the Dapr `run` commands or not placed your components into the default components folder for your OS. Read [define a component]({{< ref "get-started-component.md" >}}) for more information. 
- You may have a syntax issue in component YAML file. Check your component YAML with the component [YAML samples]({{< ref "components.md" >}}).

> ## My dapr service instance is missing an app-id value (MacOS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Service invocation is failing and my Dapr service is missing an appId (macOS)
```
